# 09-13-2023

## Attendees

- Kevin (NVIDIA)
- Rama (Microsoft)
- Wei-Sheng (Microsoft)
- Yuan Yao (NVIDIA)
- Devang (Microsoft)
- Alex (IBM)

## Recording
- [Recording Link](https://lists.lfaidata.foundation/g/onnx-wg-multidevice/files/Meeting%20Recordings)

## Agenda

- Recurring meetings monthly on each second Wednesday at 5PM PST. Full calendar details found at https://lists.lfaidata.foundation/g/onnx-wg-multidevice 

- Discussion on initial proposal - [Multi-device proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tikVgXz4huFbkiXDGaRrI0oIV_rgcH-hxsM06TS7J4o/edit?usp=sharing)

## Meeting Notes

- @Kevin discussed in detail the proposal that was started by Micah in the 2023 ONNX community meeting
- Feedback from the community
    - Proposal added too much complexity, a few fields (such as topology) can be omitted
    - Preference for defining communication operations explicitly rather than through generic IJoin / ISplit operations

## Action Items

- @Everyone to review the proposal, add comments
- @Everyone to think of and discuss potential alternatives for the next meeting.